---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: true
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-25T23:48:17.334Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-25T23:48:13.092Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-25-15699621-1b17-4b8b-9a55-a60d4c9df1e4.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 15699621-1b17-4b8b-9a55-a60d4c9df1e4/index.html
_type: Article

---
Goals

This is my goals page. I am going to list out several different types of goals here on a regular basis and check my progress and share it with you! Hopefully as I struggle and succeed you'll be inspired or related these experiences and desires to your own. 

There are 4 things that are important in our lives to strive for: 

Health

Wealth

Happiness

Love 

1) Health

This is the big one, because without our health we have nothing really. I am guilty here  because I let my health take a turn for the worse. So my first goal is simple: 

Lose 60 lbs in 2016

Current weight: 265 lbs. Goal Weight: 205 lbs. 

2) Wealth 

I have always had 2 goals when it came to money. One of them was concrete but very arbitrary, I wanted to make $100,000 / year by age 30\. 

My newer and smarter goal is to have enough money to do what I want when I want. Financial Freedom. Now this doesn't mean I need to make $100 million dollars a year. 

Nor do I think I will make this kind of financial freedom over night in some get rich quick scheme. 

I plan to create sustainable passive income that will grow over time and become automated. 

The goal for 2016 is to create enough to cover my business costs and savings for the business. 

In 2017 I hope to cover enough to "replace" my income while I continue to work. 

And finally... 

In 2018 (when I hit the dreaded 30) I would like to be making $10,000+ / month with my business.